软件尊重并保护所有使用服务用户的个人隐私权。为了给您提供更准确、更有个性化的服务，本软件会按照本隐私权政策的规定使用和披露您的个人信息。但本软件将以高度的勤勉、审慎义务对待这些信息。除本隐私权政策另有规定外，在未征得您事先许可的情况下，本软件不会将这些信息对外披露或向第三方提供。本软件会不时更新本隐私权政策。您在同意本软件服务使用协议之时，即视为您已经同意本隐私权政策全部内容。本隐私权政策属于本软件服务使用协议不可分割的一部分。

1.适用范围
a) 在您使用本软件时。

2.信息的使用
a) 本软件获取您所提供的图片的数据，在后台进行处理。

3.信息披露
a) 本软件只会在本地存储您的信息，不会将您的信息披露给不受信任的第三方。

4.信息存储和交换
您的信息和资料不会被上传到云端服务器上，这些信息和资料也不会被传送至您所在国家、地区或本软件收集信息和资料所在地的境外并在境外被访问、存储和展示。

5.信息安全
本软件不会使用网络服务。如您发现自己的个人信息泄密，请您立即联络我们，以便采取相应措施。

The software respects and protects the personal privacy of all users using the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, the software will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, the software will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. The software will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to this software service use agreement, you shall be deemed to have agreed to all the contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of this software service use agreement.

Scope of application
a) When you use this software.

Use of information
a) This software obtains the data of the picture you provide and processes it in the background.

Information disclosure
a) This software will only store your information locally and will not disclose your information to untrusted third parties.

Information storage and exchange
Your information and materials will not be uploaded to the cloud server, and these information and materials will not be transmitted to your country, region or overseas where the software collects information and materials, and will be accessed, stored and displayed overseas.

Information security
This software will not use network services. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, please contact us immediately in order to take corresponding measures.
————————————————
版权声明：本文为CSDN博主「co2350」的原创文章，遵循CC 4.0 BY-SA版权协议，转载请附上原文出处链接及本声明。
原文链接：https://blog.csdn.net/co2350/article/details/126326647
